Reword "Skipping setups and teardowns" section (#164)
pester/docs: docs/usage/setup-and-teardown.mdx

### Skipping setups and teardowns

> Setups and teardowns are skipped when the current tree won't result in any test being run. For example, in the code below, running Pester with the the `-ExcludeTag Acceptance` filter will result in no tests which match the filter. With no tests to execute the setup and teardown blocks will not be run:

Reviewer: Duplicate the in "... with the the `-ExcludeTag` .."
Felt a bit repetitive. How about this?

```suggestion
Setups and teardowns are skipped when the current tree won't result in any test being run. In the example below, running Pester with the `-ExcludeTag Acceptance` filter will exclude all tests in the Describe-block. As a result the associated setup and teardown blocks will also be skipped.
```
